README.md, before:

# How do we help people?
Employers need competent employees.  
Employees need training and skills.  
Developing skills requires job stability and advancement opportunities.
More knowledgable, skilled, able, and resourceful employees are more productive.
Companies need a more productive workforce.  
Shareholders need a more profitable/productive company.  
Technology can help with all of these things.  

## Running restaurants more efficiently.
The purpose of technology is to help people, not replace them.  
In this case, technology will help people do their jobs more easily and efficiently.  
The technical expertise gained by the employees can help them advance in their jobs and careers, as well as give them more options to live their lives on their terms.  
As people's training and education continue and their skillset improves, they become more adept at facing the challenges their job presents, more effective at their jobs, and more productive workers.  
Companies like more productive employees because shareholders like more productive companies, because someone has to pay for all of this, and we had better give them their money's worth.  
When everyone wins, then there exists an opportunity for a positive cycle of an engaged workforce doing jobs that are genuinely rewarding because they have the means and abilities to help their customers, co-workers, and employers as well as support themselves and their families.  

### What's The Catch
The cost is reasonable.  
We have to work for it.  
1. Training and Education  
* Flexible, continuous, transferable.  
2. Accountability  
* Employees learn the skills to earn the job, and they have to prove they can do it. Every day. Especially when we would rather be somewhere else. Or we will be.
* Employers invest in their company's workforce and reward the shareholders.  That's it. If jobs can be done more efficiently with fewer people and more algorithms, so be it. It's a business, not a charity or an adult day care center. Even if you are safely and firmly entrenched in labor or management.

# Great, how do we pay for it? A Business Plan.
* [Business Model Generation](https://www.strategyzer.com/books/business-model-generation). Here's the [Internet Archive copy](https://archive.org/details/bplans_Business_Model_Generation/page/n1).  
* [SBA Business Guide](https://www.sba.gov/business-guide)
* [SBA Business Plan](https://www.sba.gov/course/how-write-business-plan/)
* [Treehouse Business Courses](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/topic:business)
* [Nevada Governor's Office of Economic Development](http://www.diversifynevada.com/)  
* [Census Bureau Statistics of US Businesses](https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/susb.html)  
* [Census Business Builder](https://www.census.gov/data/data-tools/cbb.html)
* [Nevada Small Business Government Resources](https://nevadasmallbusiness.com/government-resources-for-nevadas-businesses/)
* [GOED Data Portal](http://www.diversifynevada.com/why-nevada/data-portal/)  
* [North American Industry Classification System](https://www.census.gov/eos/www/naics/)  
* [Market Research and Competitive Analysis](https://www.sba.gov/business-guide/plan-your-business/market-research-competitive-analysis)
* [SBDC Nevada](https://nevadasbdc.org/) and their [Resources](https://nevadasbdc.org/toolbox/resource-links/)

## Services
1. Restaurant  
2. Banquets and Catering  
3. Consulting  
4. Marketing
5. Sales
6. Small Business Development

## People and Roles
1. Operations Director - Benevolent Dictator in Charge of all People Involved
  - HR
    - temps, part-timers, contractors
2. Food And Beverage Director
  - FOH Boss
  - BOH Boss
  - Restaurant Boss
  - Banquets and Catering Boss
  - Executive Chef
  - Support Staff
3. Marketing Director
4. Sales Director
5. Consulting Director

# Where do we start?
With the restaurant, and with the fewest number of people on the payroll as possible. The restaurant has to turn a profit before any money is invested in any other part of the business, and should remain the core operation unless we have a very compelling reason to shift our focus.  
* [Nevada Business Start Up Guide](http://business.nv.gov/Resource_Center/Nevada_Business_Start_Up_Guide/) and the [PDF](http://business.nv.gov/uploadedFiles/businessnvgov/content/Resource_Center/FINAL%20-%20January%202019a%20Business%20Startup%20Guide.pdf)

* [Henderson Business Resource Center](https://www.hendersonchamber.com/programs/chamber-foundation/hbrc/)

## Business Plan

* [Sample Business Plans](https://www.bplans.com/sample_business_plans.php)

## Financing  
* Sufficient to fully fund the first 3-5 years of gross operating expenses.
* Capital expenses are limited to what can't be affordably rented, leased, or contracted out and serviced.  
* Restaurant revenues pay the bills first.
* All profits pay off the funding, loans, and creditors first.
* Once the operation is profitable, profits are reinvested in the business.
* If the business is not profitable, assets are liquidated and the business repays all debt before it dissolves.

Commit message:

Update README with comments about food safety

README.md, after:

# How do we help people?
Employers need competent employees.  
Employees need training and skills.  
Developing skills requires job stability and advancement opportunities.
More knowledgable, skilled, able, and resourceful employees are more productive and engaged.
Companies need a more productive workforce.  
Shareholders need a more profitable/productive company.  
Technology can help with all of these things.  

## Running restaurants more efficiently.
The purpose of technology is to help people, not replace them.  
In this case, technology will help people do their jobs more easily, efficiently and hygenically.  
Technology can also be used to improve food safety and maintain a sanitary work environment.  
The technical expertise gained by the employees can help them advance in their jobs and careers, as well as give them more options to live their lives on their terms.  
As people's training and education continue and their skillset improves, they become more adept at facing the challenges their job presents, more effective at their jobs, and more productive workers.  
Companies like more productive employees because shareholders like more productive companies, because someone has to pay for all of this, and we had better give them their money's worth.  
When everyone wins, then there exists an opportunity for a positive cycle of an engaged workforce doing jobs that are genuinely rewarding because they have the means and abilities to help their customers, co-workers, and employers as well as support themselves and their families.  

### What's The Catch
The cost is reasonable.  
We have to work for it.  
1. Training and Education  
* Flexible, continuous, transferable.  
2. Accountability  
* Employees learn the skills to earn the job, and they have to prove they can do it. Every day. Especially when we would rather be somewhere else. Or we will be.
* Employers invest in their company's workforce and reward the shareholders.  That's it. If jobs can be done more efficiently with fewer people and more algorithms, so be it. It's a business, not a charity or an adult day care center. Even if you are safely and firmly entrenched in labor or management.

# Great, how do we pay for it? A Business Plan.
* [Business Model Generation](https://www.strategyzer.com/books/business-model-generation). Here's the [Internet Archive copy](https://archive.org/details/bplans_Business_Model_Generation/page/n1).  
* [SBA Business Guide](https://www.sba.gov/business-guide)
* [SBA Business Plan](https://www.sba.gov/course/how-write-business-plan/)
* [Treehouse Business Courses](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/topic:business)
* [Nevada Governor's Office of Economic Development](http://www.diversifynevada.com/)  
* [Census Bureau Statistics of US Businesses](https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/susb.html)  
* [Census Business Builder](https://www.census.gov/data/data-tools/cbb.html)
* [Nevada Small Business Government Resources](https://nevadasmallbusiness.com/government-resources-for-nevadas-businesses/)
* [GOED Data Portal](http://www.diversifynevada.com/why-nevada/data-portal/)  
* [North American Industry Classification System](https://www.census.gov/eos/www/naics/)  
* [Market Research and Competitive Analysis](https://www.sba.gov/business-guide/plan-your-business/market-research-competitive-analysis)
* [SBDC Nevada](https://nevadasbdc.org/) and their [Resources](https://nevadasbdc.org/toolbox/resource-links/)

## Services
1. Restaurant  
2. Banquets and Catering  
3. Consulting  
4. Marketing
5. Sales
6. Small Business Development

## People and Roles
1. Operations Director - Benevolent Dictator in Charge of all People Involved
  - HR
    - temps, part-timers, contractors
2. Food And Beverage Director
  - FOH Boss
  - BOH Boss
  - Restaurant Boss
  - Banquets and Catering Boss
  - Executive Chef
  - Support Staff
3. Marketing Director
4. Sales Director
5. Consulting Director

# Where do we start?
With the restaurant, and with the fewest number of people on the payroll as possible. The restaurant has to turn a profit before any money is invested in any other part of the business, and should remain the core operation unless we have a very compelling reason to shift our focus.  
* [Nevada Business Start Up Guide](http://business.nv.gov/Resource_Center/Nevada_Business_Start_Up_Guide/) and the [PDF](http://business.nv.gov/uploadedFiles/businessnvgov/content/Resource_Center/FINAL%20-%20January%202019a%20Business%20Startup%20Guide.pdf)

* [Henderson Business Resource Center](https://www.hendersonchamber.com/programs/chamber-foundation/hbrc/)

## Business Plan

* [Sample Business Plans](https://www.bplans.com/sample_business_plans.php)

## Financing  
* Sufficient to fully fund the first 3-5 years of gross operating expenses.
* Capital expenses are limited to what can't be affordably rented, leased, or contracted out and serviced.  
* Restaurant revenues pay the bills first.
* All profits pay off the funding, loans, and creditors first.
* Once the operation is profitable, profits are reinvested in the business.
* If the business is not profitable, assets are liquidated and the business repays all debt before it dissolves.
